Denul-Data
==========

This repository contains data generated by the denul simulator and the proof of concept implementation. The data is used in the Master Thesis related to the project. Additional READMEs in the subfolders explain what they are all about.

## Reproducing graphs
To reproduce the graphs from the thesis, make sure that you have gnuplot installed. Then, create a folder `output` and run the plot.py python script. The graphs will be placed in the `output` folder.

## License
The legal situation varies for the code and the datasets contained in this repository, and also varies depending on the juristiction. 

Data is generally [not copyrightable](http://datadryad.org/pages/faq#info-cc0) in many countries. For cases where this dataset is not already in the public domain, I hereby place the data under the [CC0 (Creative Commons Zero)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) license, which is a legal equivalent of the public domain.

Any code contained in this repository is probably not complex enough to warrant copyright to begin with. In case the code received automatic copyright in your jurisdiction, I hereby place it back in the public domain using the same CC0 license as above.

## Attribution
As all code and data is in the public domain, I cannot require any form of attribution. I would take it as a kindness if you would acknowledge the source of the data if you re-use it, and if you cite my thesis for any academic work using it. Bibliographical information will be added as soon as it is available.
